Add exporter deployment, service and serviceMonitor for it (#12)
litmuschaos/litmus-helm: charts/litmus/README.md

litmus
======
A Helm chart to install litmus infra components on Kubernetes

> Current chart version is `1.3.1`

Reviewer: @Jasstkn I have generally seen this practice of keeping chart version slightly ahead of the app version. So, this is fine. However, do you see any specific reason/benefits over matching release versions?

Author: In general, app version should match service version, but chart version it's kinda another subject. 
One approach is mark patches as 1.2.X, minor (breaking changes between versions) as 1.X.X and major with completely new structure.
Another is that you keep application version in the chart, but you can bump its patch number every time when you update chart without changing application version. So in this it's fine for any approach which you use (or want to use). But it should be prohibited to overwrite chart with the same version.

Reviewer: Got it. Thanks @Jasstkn !

> Source code can be found [here](https://litmuschaos.io)

Reviewer: Should we change this to say learn more about proj here rather than source code?

Author: I would like to have here diagram from the docs:
![](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/assets/architecture.png)
wdyt?

Reviewer: Cool! That would be good. You mean embed this diagram in the README?

Author: Yes, it will add more understanding and also it should be emphasised that chaos-experiments are located in other repository.

Reviewer: Sure. Go ahead!

Author: Ok, I'll add discussed info and request review again

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the descriptions too!! Have requested for minor changes. Otherwise looks great!

| exporter.enabled | bool | `false` | If metrics exporter enabled  |
| exporter.image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | Image pill policy for exporter |
| exporter.image.repository | string | `"litmuschaos/chaos-exporter"` | Image repository for exporter |
| exporter.image.tag | string | `"latest"` | Image tag for exporter |
| exporter.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selector for exporter |
| exporter.resources | object | `{}` | Resources requests and limits for exporter |
| exporter.service.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for exporter service |
| exporter.service.port | int | `8080` | Port for exporter service |
| exporter.service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Type of exporter's service |
| exporter.serviceMonitor.additionalLabels | object | `{}` | Additional labels for exporter's serviceMonitor |
| exporter.serviceMonitor.enabled | bool | `false` | If serviceMonitor enabled |
| exporter.tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for exporter |
| fullnameOverride | string | `"litmus"` | Full name override |
| image.\<operator\|runner\>.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | Image operator or runner pull policy |

> | image.\<operator\|runner\>.repository | string | `"litmuschaos/chaos-operator"` | Image operator or runner repository |

Reviewer: The categorization based on components is cool! Do you think we should extend it to operator too? i.e., have operator.image.<>, operator.service, operator.resources etc..?

Author: it's seems to be better for me, because it's easily to navigate through the values.yaml.

Reviewer: you mean with the proposed change or as it stays now? (sorry :) )

Author: oh, with proposed change, but it should be a separate PR.

Reviewer: Makes sense.

Reviewer: Let me create an issue from the review - so we can track it!

Reviewer: Ref: #13

Author: great, thank you!

litmus
======
A Helm chart to install litmus infra components on Kubernetes.

Current chart version is `1.3.1`

## Architecture introduction

> ![litmus architecture](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/44801ffbcabc79d86867ea259c0a3046bd124987/68747470733a2f2f646f63732e6c69746d75736368616f732e696f2f646f63732f6173736574732f6172636869746563747572652e706e67)

Reviewer: 👍

### Chaos-Operator

> Chaos-Operator watches for the ChaosEngine CR and executes the Chaos-Experiments mentioned in the CR. Chaos-Operator is namespace scoped. By default, it runs in litmus namespace. Once the experiment is completed, chaos-operator invokes chaos-exporter to export chaos metrics to a Prometheus database.

Reviewer: Couple of minor clarifications: 

- The chaos operator uses a serviceaccount that is by default cluster-wide.
- chaos exporter today is independent of operator and exports metrics even as experiments are in progress. So here is a modified version: 

```suggestion
Chaos-Operator watches for the ChaosEngine CRs across namespaces and executes the Chaos-Experiments mentioned in the CR. By default, it runs in litmus namespace. The Chaos-exporter is used to export chaos metrics about state of experiments listed in the ChaosEngine, to a Prometheus database.
```

### Chaos-CRDs

During installation, the following three CRDs are installed on the Kubernetes cluster.
```
chaosengines.litmuschaos.io
chaosexperiments.litmuschaos.io
chaosresults.litmuschaos.io
```

### Chaos-Experiments

> Chaos Experiment is a CR and are available as YAML files on Chaos Hub. For more details visit Chaos Hub documentation. For helm installation visit [chaos-chart repository][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chaos Experiment is a CR and are available as YAML files on Chaos Hub. For more details visit ChaosHub [documentation](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/chaoshub/). To view and install chaos charts visit [chaos-charts](https://github.com/litmuschaos/chaos-charts) repository.
```
